---
format: markdown
title: General Meeting 2017-11-01
categories: Meeting Notes
--
Nominations
-----------

`   * Mitchell Clark for President`\
`   * `[` ``Sam`` ``Flint`](User:SWFlint "wikilink")` for VP`\
`   * Regan Chasek for Secretary`\
`   * Austin Geisert for Treasurer`

`   == Decided on voting procedures ==`\
`   * Voting Windows:`\
`   ** President - Nov 7.  4:00pm - midnight`\
`   ** VP        - Nov 8.  4:00pm - midnight`\
`   ** Treasurer - Nov 9.  4:00pm - midnight`\
`   ** Secretary - Nov 10. 4:00pm - midnight`\
`   * Members can renominate for positions between voting windows`

`   == Website/Wiki ==`\
`   * Website remains for PR reasons`\
`   * Members are encouraged to create personal pages on the Wiki`

`   == Financial update ==`

`   == OS2G and HCC ==`\
`   * Dr. David Swanson <ref>`[`David`` ``Swanson`` ``on`` ``UNL`` ``Directory`](https://directory.unl.edu/people/dswanson4)`</ref> <ref>`[`David`` ``Swanson's`` ``CSE`` ``page`](https://cse-apps.unl.edu/facdb/users/4/details)`</ref> is interested in cooperating on future activities`\
`   * Possible presentation at future meeting`\
`   * Possible Cluster Competition <ref>`[`Supercomputing's`` ``Student`` ``Cluster`` ``Competition`](http://www.studentclustercompetition.us/)`</ref> Team !!!`

`   == Future Presentations ==`\
`   * Alex Sturtz will present on Haskell on November 15.`

`   == References ==`\
`   <references />`

[Category:Meeting Notes](Category:Meeting_Notes "wikilink")
