---
format: markdown
title: Officer's Meeting 2017-08-20
categories: 
--
Plans for Next Meeting
----------------------

`   * At the next meeting, we will vote to change the voting process`\
`   ** Before voting, we'll write the text for the new constitution`\
`   * We will discuss the server`\
`   ** Hosting a new website`\
`   *** forums, IRC, etc.`

`   == Server ==`\
`   * Decide on a domains`\
`   ** `[`os2g.club`](os2g.club "wikilink")\
`   * Sam will temporarily front the cost`\
`   * Considering whether to host on campus or not`

`   == Regan's Officer Initiation ==`\
`   * Set up Regan's officer accounts and permissions`

`   == General Tasks ==`\
`   * Write eSAB funding request soon`\
`   * Find out how to use Union TV announcements`\
`   * Create a Doodle on when to hold officer meetings`

[Category:Officer's Meetings](Category:Officer's_Meetings "wikilink")
