---
format: markdown
title: Officer's Meeting 2017-08-04
categories: 
--
Events
------

`   * August 12th, Summer Meeting #2`\
`   ** Meeting is happening, time still TBD`\
`   ** Summer commencement is the same day, so parking could be a problem`\
`   ** Temp Server`\
`   *** Might bring if department will accept without rails`\
`   *** If bringing, meeting will be longer due to working on the server`\
`   ** Will do fun stuff too, like OpenRA`\
`   ** Boian will bring SUSE promo package`\
`   *** Will decide what to share and what to use for promotion.`\
`   * Rock the Block`\
`   ** What: eSAB promotional event`\
`   ** When: Wednesday, August 23rd on Vine Street Fields from 4-7 pm`\
`   ** Application due Aug. 11`\
`   ** Regan and Mitch might attend`\
`   * Linux’s Birthday`\
`   ** Food`\
`   *** Sam will be making arrangements`\
`   ** Activities`\
`   *** Cover Linux history`\
`   **** SCO trial`\
`   **** Linux OS structure, general`\
`   **** POSIX?`\
`   *** Demo hardware`\
`   **** Embedded demo, Raspberry Pi’s, etc.`\
`   *** Details need to be worked out further`\
`   ** Promotion`\
`   *** Bits and Bytes`\
`   **** First one is going out on Aug. 22`\
`   **** TBD`\
`   *** Social`\
`   **** TBD`\
`   ** Sponsors`\
`   * Fall schedule plan page`\
`   ** Sam will create new page`

`   == Budget ==`

`   * Funds change request form for eSAB`\
`   ** Boian and/or Mitch will submit`\
`   * Will spend money on two Pinebooks, if possible`\
`   ** Pinebooks are $99 + taxes`\
`   * Will spend money on ARTY?`\
`   ** After vote`\
`   ** Sam will order`\
`   ** $99 + S&amp;H`\
`   * Will submit reimbursement for tripod`\
`   ** $25 + taxes`\
`   ** Boian needs to find receipt and submit`\
`   ** Mitch will complete forms with SOFS`\
`   ** Advisor signature needed!!!`\
`   * Mitch will check if we are still within our budget after new expenditures`\
`   ** $800+ was proposed`\
`   ** $700 was allotted`\
`   * Will request money from eSAB for new server on next funding round`

`   == Chat Platform ==`

`   * Committed to hosting our own, on our own server`\
`   * Could host Wiki and other apps`

`   == Constitution updates ==`

`   * Quorum rules`\
`   ** Reduce to 51%, or alternative, to speed up executive operations`\
`   ** Will bring up at next general meeting`\
`   ** Form proposals (pull requests) on GitLab version`

`   == Survey ==`

`   * Boian will create rough draft and post on mailing list`\
`   * Dr. Riedesel interested in participating`\
`   * Justin C. has D3.js experience and might help with final product`

`   == Other ==`

`   * Officers will begin having regular meetings in the fall, schedule pending`

[Category:Officer's Meetings](Category:Officer's_Meetings "wikilink")
